Create root user documentation (#1503)
astronomer/docs: software_versioned_docs/version-0.29/manage-platform-users.md

    - Variables
    - XComs

### Root user

> A root user has all available permissions on Astronomer Software. There can only be one root user per Software installation. See [Create a root user](create-a-root-user.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A root user has all available permissions on Astronomer Software. There can only be one root user for each Software installation. See [Create a root user](create-a-root-user.md).
```
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/204296267-4deb6646-7be3-4a22-8dbd-2d28c9e4ca39.png)
